**Your CEO has come up with a brilliant idea for when your company migrates its first application to the cloud. He is a big fan of Infrastructure as Code and automation, and he thinks your deployments will never fail again if you spin up completely new servers, deploy your software to them, redirect your DNS to the new servers, and then shut down the old servers. Unfortunately for him, you know this has existed for a long time and had already planned to implement this in the coming weeks. Which build and deployment strategy do you present to him?**

Build the data tier using Amazon RDS via CloudFormation. Deploy your web tier behind a load balancer, hosted on EC2 instances. During deployments, utilize a rolling deployment strategy by deploying an entirely new load balancer and group of EC2 instances that run your new code base. Once the build and deployment of the fresh environment is complete, testing can be performed by accessing the site from the new load balancer URL. You can use a Route 53 alias to direct people from the old load balancer to another once your testing team completes their checks.

Build the data tier using Amazon RDS via CloudFormation. Deploy your web tier behind a load balancer, hosted on EC2 instances. During deployments, utilize a blue/green deployment strategy by deploying an entirely new load balancer and group of EC2 instances that run your new code base. Once the build and deployment of the fresh environment is complete, testing can be performed by accessing the site from the new load balancer URL. You can update your Route 53 simple routing policy to direct people from the old load balancer to another once your testing team completes their checks.

Build the data tier using Amazon RDS via CloudFormation. Deploy your web tier behind a load balancer, hosted on EC2 instances. During deployments, utilize a blue/green deployment strategy by deploying an entirely new load balancer and group of EC2 instances that run your new code base. Once the build and deployment of the fresh environment is complete, testing can be performed by accessing the site from the new load balancer URL. You can use a Route 53 failover routing policy to redirect people from your old load balancer to another once your testing team completes their checks.

Build the data tier using Amazon RDS via CloudFormation. Deploy your web tier behind a load balancer, hosted on EC2 instances. During deployments, utilize a mirrored deployment strategy by deploying an entirely new load balancer and group of EC2 instances which run your new code base. Once the build and deployment of the fresh environment is complete, testing can be performed by accessing the site from the new load balancer URL. You can use a Route 53 alias to direct people from one load balancer to another once your testing team completes their checks.


**Correct Answer: Build the data tier using Amazon RDS via CloudFormation. Deploy your web tier behind a load balancer, hosted on EC2 instances. During deployments, utilize a blue/green deployment strategy by deploying an entirely new load balancer and group of EC2 instances that run your new code base. Once the build and deployment of the fresh environment is complete, testing can be performed by accessing the site from the new load balancer URL. You can update your Route 53 simple routing policy to direct people from the old load balancer to another once your testing team completes their checks.**

**Blue/green deployments are certainly what your CEO thinks he has invented. You can simply update your Route 53 alias record to point to a new load balancer once your testing team completes their checks.**