**With your company moving more internal services into AWS, your colleagues have started to complain about using different credentials to access different applications. Your team has started to plan to implement AWS SSO, connected to the corporate Active Directory system, but are struggling to implement a working solution. Which of the following are NOT valid troubleshooting steps to confirm that SSO is enabled and working?**
**Select 3**

Implement AWS Organizations and deploy AWS Managed Microsoft AD in two separate accounts. It does not matter which Regions they are deployed in.

To allow authentication using a User Principal Name, enable two-step verification in Context-aware verification mode.

AWS SSO with Active Directory only allows authentication using the DOMAIN\UserName format.

Implement AWS Organizations with All features enabled and deploy the AD Connector residing in your master account.

**Correct Answers:**

**Implement AWS Organizations and deploy AWS Managed Microsoft AD in two separate accounts. It does not matter which Regions they are deployed in.**
**AWS Organizations and the AWS Managed Microsoft AD must be in the same account and the same Region. Reference: AWS SSO Prerequisites Reference: Troubleshooting AWS SSO Issues**

**To allow authentication using a User Principal Name, enable two-step verification in Context-aware verification mode.**
**You can use the User Principal Name (UPN) or the DOMAIN\UserName format to authenticate with AD, but you can't use the UPN format if you have two-step verification and Context-aware verification enabled. Reference: AWS SSO Prerequisites Reference: Troubleshooting AWS SSO Issues**


**AWS SSO with Active Directory only allows authentication using the DOMAIN\UserName format.**
**You can use the DOMAIN\UserName or the User Principal Name (UPN) format to authenticate with AD, but you can't use the UPN format if you have two-step verification and Context-aware verification enabled. Reference: AWS SSO Prerequisites Reference: Troubleshooting AWS SSO Issues**

Implement AWS Organizations with All features enabled and deploy the AD Connector residing in your master account.
This is actually one of the first steps you would take to troubleshoot, but the question states which are NOT valid troubleshooting steps. Reference: AWS SSO Prerequisites Reference: Troubleshooting AWS SSO Issues